I have an illness that affects my level of energy, so I didn't feel that I could accept
just any kind of assignment.
Since the end of this system is near, I want to do whatever I can that Jehovah wants
down to the very end, so I applied.
Before attending SKE when I received my invitation, all of a sudden I had challenges or worries
about myself, I felt unworthy, even unqualified.
Being a single sister, going into the class with so many couples, I thought I would be out
of place.
I used all my abilities.
I felt like my head was swelling up.
Even so, I felt that I was really being refined and ended each day feeling fulfilled.
One thing that I really enjoyed about SKE was Friday afternoons.
That's when we had a talk from one of the governing body members.
That was special.
During the eight weeks of school, such an emphasis was placed on serving by the needy's
creator, so this way of thinking became more important to us.
After eight weeks attending the school, you are even ready to be set to the moon.
When I was told that my next assignment would be in Mesa, Arizona, I thought, where is
that?
And then I thought, oh no, scorpions.
And then I thought, okay, this is where to hold what things I should be, so I'm ready
to go.
One of the challenges in my new assignment was finding suitable accommodation.
There was a couple in the congregation.
They had two rooms that they rented in the back of their property, but it needed some renovations.
So the brothers very quickly came together, helped, sorted out, and even build an extra
little kitchenette lounge.
So now we have a beautiful little home to go back to after a long, hot day in the ministry.
I always thought that I'd do much better in cold than I would in heat, so the brothers
and sisters were very helpful in making sure that I stayed hydrated, making sure I knew
how to handle myself in the heat, giving me pointers of things to carry, and they made
sure that I had an extra large, large bottle with me.
We really felt supported by the congregation because they found us an apartment.
This meant that we could concentrate on our ministry.
One of the things that really helped me was an experienced brother, who gave an encouraging
comment about whether my health would permit me to attend the school.
He said, if she can pioneer, then it's also possible for her to attend the school.
The education that we received at SKE, especially it helped us with our qualities, our personality,
putting on a new personality, that really will help us not only now in our assignment,
but right through into the new world.
I think there are many who could meet the qualifications with just a little more effort.
Please know that there is a wonderful education program, and we were able to experience it
in our 60s.
We could get through it.
So if others are thinking of applying, I want to tell them that we were able to do it.
And by all means, I want them to taste the same joy that we experienced.
You could be nervous and have performance anxiety, and worry about how will I handle answering,
and how about all of the student assignments and the test.
Worries like that, but for my own part, it was two months with an incredible amount
of joy.
And you have to focus on that.
It is a gift.
It is a wonderful gift from Jehovah.
I wasn't sure if I was going to put in the application because I thought maybe I wanted to do it
as a couple rather than as a single person, but I prayed to Jehovah about it, and I put my application in.
I wouldn't be experiencing the happiness that I have now if I had waited.
So I'm happy that I just put my application in and let Jehovah do the rest.
And now sometimes I'm driving down the freeway and I think, wow Jehovah, I'm so happy.
Thank you.